deep nutrition
for proper nutrition
Start by raising your face with thermal water in the chaos
because of its neutral ph
It is an indisputable ally for all skin types
melrose thermal water
Stretched toning and softening
rich in minerals and trace elements
then
shake the cleaning injury seen without the ros to join its components
This product has a double function
good measure
with tinelli celina that helps remove dirt from the skin
the other phase
composed of thermal water chamomile and aloe vera
Estivill al to delay skin aging
the cleansing lesion of tracks on the face
act like I wanted to
Clean the pores deeply without aggression
it does not contain alcohol
at the same time
Pretty girls softens and a month that the skin
now
apply to you chemical entity vigil cleaning with microspheres of vitamin d
While
in front
chin
nose
inegi ceas
and bruce
the idols refreshing and invigorating in the ros
simplicity the demented in a circular way and it is evident
until it forms poma
the cleaning gel with microspheres of vitamin e nel ros with tinelli zilina
thermal water and vitamin e
slows aging
and protects the skin from climatic aggressions
for its part
the refreshing and invigorating lotion in the protected area deflates the skin
It contains chamomile pretinas and aloe vera extract and as it does not possess alcohol
can be placed on the eyelids without contraindications
remove the excess with gentle and ascending movements
then
I applied students soft apple and damask miguel bouquets
this product
contains thermal water
glycerin
and assets of green apples and damask floats
that stimulate and I say the circulation says
circular massage
and ascending
the former mild east of manzaneda more with the ros
clean impurities and blackheads
of the train of dead cells attached to the skin
he removes the excessive grease
insists especially in the area of ​​mayorga until the fingers get stuck
and the product is completely absorbed
It will produce a mechanical and natural exfoliation
without aggression
this will allow
that the minerals penetrate
and that the blood circulation is stimulated
then
re-apply thermal water nel ros and thus prepare the skin for the
placement of the franc
the volcanic thermal mud in the ros is composed of thermal water and land
volcanic lava
extracted from the most important geological fault in South America
located in pitt blanket in the province of san juan
this / miraculous
possess sulfur magnicide
next calcium
cooperé and fossils churches
the same minerals and trace elements that the human body
apply with a brush
ascending all over the face
including eyelids
since it does not contain contraindications
let it act for 5 to 7 minutes to oxygenate and mineral and have it
and toxin-free
in the first applications
can cause a slight song
due to the effect of minerals
suso continued
balances the pH of the epidermis
It is not necessary for the mud to dry completely because your skin
will selectively take the minerals you need
the volcanic thermal mud in the ros
activates cellular memory and restores nutrients and minerals
It produces a fast anti-ellis tension effect on tissues
and toning the muscles
remove it, inform dente with a sponge moistened in cold water
and then again vaporize echo in thermal water in the river to rehydrate the
skin
to complete the nutritional treatment
mestre a few drops of red and happy from there decide marine in the ros a base of
algae
with a small portion
of bad nutritive cream
which nourishes and challenges damaged tissues
and another
of cream for eyelids nel ros
ideal for stretching when stepping
and give muscle elasticity
and firmness to this delicate area
place be prepared as a mask
and I said act about 15 minutes
remove the excess with a tissue paper
and smooth movements
spray and refreshing and toning lotion in melrose
the task that your skin regained ownership
It has become more successful and fresh
worthy to admire